MSET9 v1.0 by zoogie

Prereqs:
a. Basic computer skills and committing to follow these instructions exactly as written.
b. Python 3 installed on your Windows or Linux PC. https://www.python.org/downloads/ (most linux distros should have this already, type python3 at terminal to check)
c. An OLD 3DS 11.8.0-XX -> 11.17.0-XX to softmod. Any region is probably fine.

1) Copy ALL of the INSIDE CONTENTS of this Release_v1.0 archive to your SD card's root (root is the first window that opens when you click on your SD card icon).
hint: do NOT copy the Release_v1.0 folder to the sd root itself.

2) Double-click mset9.bat to run mset9.py on the 3DS SD root, select your 3ds type and firmware (1-4), then select option 1 to setup MSET9. (linux users should launch script from the SD root using terminal)

3) Take the SD card out and put it in your 3DS, turn on, and hover the curser over System Settings and turn 3DS off again.

4) Turn on 3DS and launch System Settings, then follow this menu path exactly:
Tap Data Management -> Nintendo 3DS -> Extra Data, and then STOP what you are doing. Don't press any buttons or touch the bottom screen.

5) Check and make sure the Mii Maker icon is showing.
Now eject the sd card cleanly (still careful not to tap any buttons or the screen!) and put it in your PC.

6) Run mset9.py on your PC again and select option 2, hit enter. Now eject SD card.

7) In one clean/steady push, re-insert the sd card in the 3ds and the hax should trigger! 


Tips and Tricks
- If the system launches SafeB9Sinstaller, that indicates success. 
- If Red screen, usr2arm9ldr could not read SafeB9S.bin off of the SD card, is it there?
- If Black screen, but pressing B repeadedly causes system to reset, then framebuffers not set correctly. This is probably an MSET9 issue, make an issue in the repo.
- Any other hax failure will yield an infinite swirling pattern on the bottom screen (generic arm9 crash). Try again, making sure you didn't miss a step or add unncessesary steps.
- If the Mii Maker icon re-appears, then you forgot to do step 6. Choose mset9.py option 3 then go back to step 4).

Note: If you wish to re-attempt the exploit, select option 3 on mset9.py and go back to step 4).
Note: When you are done with MSET9, DO NOT FORGET to run option 4 on mset9.py which uninstalls MSET9. Forgetting to do this will make installed apps error when launched and who knows what else!